[Workflow] Added a way to not fire the announce event (#12942)
symfony/symfony-docs: workflow.rst

    * ``workflow.[workflow name].announce``
    * ``workflow.[workflow name].announce.[transition name]``

>     You can avoid this event by using the context::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can avoid those events by using the context::
```

according to the above sentence:

> The three events being dispatched are:

wdyt?

Author: Thanks
